# Task 2# Design of an app for the project based on the malaria Screener model## ObjectiveThe objective of this task is to come up and design a similar Android mobile application like Malaria Screener keeping the same feature and functionalities but applied to typhoid fever diagnostic.## Design**I have designed the android application for Mboalab with the help of figma.**The app design has three main features with respect to the Mboalab aim and missions:* Biotech: making biotechnology research and tools more accessible to labs around the world through scientific research and development and local production of reagents.* Health: facilitate access to basic health care* Knowledge: provide community and lifelong education for the population, as well as formal education for the younger generationsThe Health section is further divided in two parts in respect to the project requirements:* Typhoid Diagnosis   This will be used to collect thyphoid fever clinical data (symptom variables that will allow us not only to confirm the diagnosis but above all to determine the level of severity of the disease).* Typhoid Screener     This will be used to integrate models for image processing and machine learning, while acquiring and analyzing the data.The figma designs has been shared with the mentors.## Features### Typhoid Diagnosis* Collect data for the typhoid fever.* Analyse the collected data * Store the results### Typhoid Screener* Using the phone camera to apture smear photos.* The user may access past data via a local database and image gallery.* Upload each session's photos and information to the user's Box repository.